feat: add github and gitlab support on 1-bootstrap (#288)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-enterprise-application: 3-fleetscope/README.md

    echo multitenant_admin_project=$multitenant_admin_project
    ```

1. (CSR Only) Clone the infrastructure pipeline repository:

    ```bash
    gcloud source repos clone eab-fleetscope --project=$multitenant_admin_project
    ```

> 1. (Github Only) When using Github with Cloudbuild, clone the repository with the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Github Only) When using Github with Cloud Build, clone the repository with the following command.
```

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:<GITHUB-OWNER or ORGANIZATION>/eab-fleetscope.git
    ```

> 1. Initialize the git repository, copy `3-fleetscope` code into the repository, cloudbuild yaml files and terraform wrapper script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Initialize the git repository, copy `3-fleetscope` code into the repository, Cloud Build yaml files and terraform wrapper script:
```
